Ladies, and gentlemen, Colonel P,T Chester Whitmore is proud to present,
Bung Vulchungo and the Zimbabwe Songbirds--

Do you see ba-nana man?
Ho-pping over on the white hot sand.
Here he come with- some for meee.
Freshly taken from banana tree (one, two, three, four)

Banana man me- want a tan.
Give me double on the bo,nus one.
Give me more for- all me friends.
This banana flow nev,er end.

Do you want a banana?-
Peel it down and go mm` mm` mm, mm--
Do you want a banana?-
This banana for you.,,

Tonight we dance a-round the flame.
Then we get to play the spirit game.
Spirit names we- shout out loud.
Shake the thunder from the spirit cloud.
All the songbirds- in the tree.
Chant a tune, to let the spirits free.
Then we see them- in the night.
Spirits jumpin' by the fire light.

Do you want a banana? (Do you want a banana),
Peel it down and go, mm` mm` mm, mm--
Do you want a banana? (Do you want a banana),
This banana for you....

Look you your too uptight you know,,
You can laugh and kick it back and go, (we),,
But without a rhythm or a rhyme,,
You do not ba,nana all the time,,
Fly away from city on the run,,
Try to make a little fun...,,

Look you come to the bungalow,,
African't you tell me don't you so,,,
Don't you love the bumping of the drum,,,
Make you shake until the bum go numb,,,
Let the bungo play you 'til you drop,,
This banana never stop (never stop, never stop)...

Forget all your troubles and go with the flow-
Forget about whatever you may never know,
Like whether whatever you are doing is whatever you should,
And whether anything you do is every really any good
And then forget about banana when it sticks in your throat
And when they make you want to bellow but your stuck in a choke
And you forget about the yell from the colorful men,
That'll make you take another and make a mock` of your` plan...,,

Bungale- bungalo- make up your mind and tell me no- umm shh....

Well it's nine o'clock-- and it's getting dark--
And the sun is falling from the sky----
I've never left,, so early, and- you may won--der, why...........

Tomorrow morning, on the plane.
No banana make you go insane.
Floating back to, busy town.
No banana make you want to frown.

Do you want a banana? (Do you want a banana),
Peel it down and go, mm` mm` mm, mm--
Do you want a banana?
This- ba-nana for.. you....